# Origins of the term

While the term "psychic" was used before, it quickly got instead applied to a subset of the übermensch that had psychic 
abilities. Others used the term "magician" (alsongside with "witch") instead, as many believed they might have been the 
"historical" magicians many legends have mentioned, and is often still used by religious fanatics opposing the übermensch.

As research on them started, Dr. Hamer and his research team gave the name to the group of people, after Nietzsche's own term.
They thought the übermensch should lead the common people with no abilities into a brighter future.

# Basics

The übermensch are people, who're capable of using superhuman powers of some kind, and are capable of using and/or creating
artifacts that either grants additional abilities, or amplifies them. Most übermensch are seem to be born as such and gain
their power by the age of 16, however some individuals gain their powers through artificial means, usually by the help of
another übermensch.

Despite the claims of eugenics groups, it doesn't seem that the state of being an übermensch is heritable. There's only a minor
increase of heritability when both parents are also übermensch, and the abilities of the offsprings are still very random at
best.

Their numbers were very minimal before, but - most likely thanks to Christian churches losing their powers - have increased to
a point that they no longer could be ignored. There's many proof, that points to that Christian churches were supressing the
numbers of übermensch - usually justified by doctrines against "magicians" -, however this doesn't really explain their lack of
number outside Eurome and North America.

# Groups of übermensch

## Psychics

Psychics are able to use various abilities, like pyrokinesis and telekinesis, within the limitations of their own power.

## Mysics

The term was created by the team of Dr. Hamer from the greek work of muscle (mys). Mysics are capable of using superhuman 
strength and/or speed.

## Artificials

Artificials are übermensch, who gained their abilities though other means of being born with it. Usually it's being done by some
other übermensch that's capable of alter someone's phisiology and/or genetics. Some "naturals" also undergo such procedure to
become even stronger. Outcomes vary a lot with many negative side effects, such as shortened lifespan, organ failure, 
physical pain (usually from muscle and/or bone injuries), uncontrollable outbursts of rage, etc.

Vampires are sometimes called as such, but most dismiss them as humans, since their phisiology is altered so much. Thus they
often classified as monsters instead.

Nazi Germany most likely have experimented with the creation of the übermensch, however no widely known document survived from
that. The white-supremacist organization "White Dawn" claims to know some of the methods, but not from documents but from
soldiers and doctors that have escaped the Allied Forces, or were not convicted for crimes against humanity.

## Others

Some other übermensch were documented, that don't really fit into the two main categories. The most common of them are people,
who're able to use and/or create artifacts.

So called "fleshmancers" are the source of most artificial übermensch and monsters. They can alter living beings within their
powers, and sometimes even the dead.

# Discrimination

Initially, Abrahamic religions opposed them, but after the 1970's, most of the moderates have changed their views on the 
subject, with many mainstream Christian groups removing the opposition of "magicians" from their doctrines. This sometimes kept
in countries, where secularism wasn't properly established.

Political opposition that excludes identity is minimal, and most of it comes from concerns over the abuse of power by others. 
Especially among leftists, certain political movements targeting the übermensch are present, due to possible effects on the
workers' liberty. This view is not shared universally on the left, and some antifa übermensch are documented, especially after
the mid-2000's.

When it intersects with racial, disability, LGBT, etc. identities, the story is very different. Black übermensch are viewed as 
more dangerous than their white counterparts, especially by whites. Disabled übermensch are looked down by eugenists, and they
think disabled übermensch don't deserve their abilities.
